Good Abstract section that quickly gets to the point: a data migration tool will be built and then used to migrate real-world business data. This project appears to be driven by the organisation to fulfill a business need.

It might be a good idea to introduce what a task management system  is earlier in the report. The abstract and introduction sections read as though an assumption has been made that the reader already has familularity with these kind of systems. What are they used for and who uses them? However, the definition later on in the Topic of Research section is good, maybe just move it futher up? Good referencing with regard to defining what data migration is.

The word research is used often throughout the proposal. Is this project research based or is it a technical implmenetation? Headings such as Research Aim suggest findings from this project will be used by others and further studied. If this IS an implementation style project then you could comment on the successes of your data migration tool versus other similar tools on the commercial market. Think about the risks the organisation s taking with migrating from an existing tool that they're famiure with. The measurable benefits to the organisation would be an interesting angle too; perhaps the time saved each month on administration. The time (and thus money) saved by having a data import tool rather than manually exracting and data-inputting would be good to include too. This way you're creating actual findings that other otherganisations in a similar sitution of wanting to migrate to a new software system can refeence and benefit from.

I think the question: "why build a tool when you could just manually enter the data" - is one that somebody could ask. Currently the proposal immediatly states one is needed, but doesn't say why. Is it the vast amount of data? Or is it not in the correct format or style to be manually "copy and pasted" across?

Novelty of Research section: "the transition between Paymo and TeamworkPM is not being done because it’s a novel 
concept but because it has not been done and is requested by the company" is a confussing statement. Are you saying that the project concept isn't novel, but this particular mix of Paymo to TeamworkPM is unique since no data migrtion tool currently exists for these 2 systems?

How will the Research by Completed section is suscint and explains in logical order what must happen and in what order.

Approach to Research section says "research will also be done into looking at generalised system migrations" - is this purely from a theoretical abstract viewpoint? e.g. to contribute to wider thinking of data migration tools? Or is it an extension of the build tool to support more abatract data migration tasks? Between systems other than Paymo and TeamworkPM for instance.

"The second set of data collected will be when the project is finished in the form of questionnaires." - could this evaluation stage be made more obvious sooner in the paper? It wasn't obvious until this line that you are planning to conduct evaluations of your work.

The choice to use the waterfall model appears to be a good choice given many of your tasks (e.g. import into the new system) cannot proceed without the previous tasks (e.g. export the data from the old system). Other work styles like iterative likely won't work for the given situation. However, you could look towards reducing the scope of the data migration tool to a single data entity, e.g. just the client contact information. Build the tool to only export and import client contact information and then do some testing to ensure everything worked. Then expand the tool to progressivly add more data elements to the migration until you've exported and imported everything. If the system could be made modular then that might give you more marketing potential for you to comemrcially offer it as a product.